Docs: Add guidance for Dashboard data source in repeating rows (#73967)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/dashboards/build-dashboards/create-dashboard/index.md

1. In the **Row Options** dialog box, add a title and select the variable for which you want to add repeating rows.
1. Click **Update**.

To provide context to dashboard users, add the variable to the row title.

### Repeating rows and the Dashboard special data source

If a row includes panels using the special [Dashboard]({{< relref "../../../datasources/#special-data-sources" >}}) data source&mdash;the data source that uses a result set from another panel in the same dashboard&mdash;then corresponding panels in repeated rows will reference the panel in the original row, not the ones in the repeated rows.

For example, in a dashboard:

- `Row 1` includes `Panel 1A` and `Panel 1B`

> - `Panel 1B` uses the `-- Dashboard --` data source, using the results from `Panel 1A`

Author: ```suggestion
- `Panel 1B` uses the results from `Panel 1A` by way of the -- Dashboard --` data source
```

> - `Panel 1B` uses the results from `Panel 1A` by way of the -- Dashboard --` data source

Author: ```suggestion
- `Panel 1B` uses the results from `Panel 1A` by way of the `-- Dashboard --` data source
```
